There's a lot of hype right now around
multi- aent systems, agents for agent
teams, decentralized teams of agents.
And if you spend enough time in that
world, it's easy to start believing
they're always the right choice. But in
production, more agents doesn't
automatically mean better performance.
Sometimes multi- aent architectures
genuinely scale and sometimes they
collapse under coordination costs
turning into slower, noisier versions of
the single agent system. The real issue
is that without a baseline and without
measurement, most people can't tell
which one they've built. Before we go
any further, let me be clear about what
we're building here. We have an
open-source tool that you'll want if
you're planning to build production
agents. You know, the type that can
actually scale. It's called Brain Cube
Agent Labs. I anchored this work on the
paper towards a science of scaling agent
systems. They didn't just benchmark a
few demos and call it a day. They built
a predictive model using real
coordination metrics like efficiency,
overhead, error amplification,
redundancy, and message patterns. And
the key reason I trust it enough to
build on, it holds up on unseen
configurations with a cross validated R
squared of.52.
If you're not into stats, here's what
that means in plain English. The model
can explain just over half of the
performance differences it sees on new
held out runs. Not perfect, but strong,
especially for systems as messy as agent
coordination. It's the difference
between I have a story and I have a
signal. And of course, we keep the right
attitude about models. George Box nailed
it when he said, "All models are wrong,
but some are useful." Here's the core
idea. We treat a single agent system as
a default baseline. Then we run multi-
aent architectures on that exact same
task, model, and tool setup. And we
score everything as a delta versus that
baseline. That tells you who's better at
this setting. But the bigger picture win
is that we can start to anticipate
behavior under scale. Cuz once you're
measuring the coordination predictors
from real runs, you can reason about
what's likely to happen as you dial up
agent count and tool count, where a mass
or a multi- aent system should keep
improving, where it should plateau, and
where coordination dynamics are likely
to overwhelm the gains and trigger
collapse. Right now the implementation
works out of the box with claw code
primitives like claw skills so you can
get moving immediately but it's modular
and can be migrated to other agent
primitives without rewriting the whole
system. I've also included my sweet
bench experiment in the repo and I've
included my finance agent tasks as well
along with a dashboard you can explore
yourself. So, if you're building agents,
you want to actually ship and you want
to know when multi-agent systems are
worth the complexity, this is for you.
Let's get into it. Brain Cube Agent Labs
is basically a measurement rig for agent
architectures. At a high level, it has
two halves that fit together. First, you
run the arena to generate empirical
data. Then, you run the modeling layer
on top of that to answer two questions.
Question one is comparison. Is this
multi- aent architecture actually better
than a single agent on this task with
this tool set? That's where the single
agent system baseline comes in. We treat
a single agent system as the default
anchor point and we score everything
else as a delta or relative versus that
bas. So you're not guessing whether a
swarm feels stronger. You are measuring
whether it is actually outperforming the
simplest alternative. Question two is
scaling sensitivity. If I change the
number of agents or the number of tools
available, how do the coordination
dynamics shift? This is where the
scaling part becomes real. Because it's
not just who wins at one setting, it's
how things move as you scale up. Under
the hood, the scoring model we start
from is the papers mixed effects model.
That model takes coordination predictors
and task properties and produces a
predicted performance score. What Brain
Cube adds is an elasticity layer on top.
So we can take the coordination
predictors we measured at one setting
and sensibly extrapolate how they would
change as you vary agent count and tool
count. In other words, comparison tells
you who is better at a point in time.
Elasticities tell you how the metrics
behave as you scale. This is also why
there are two kinds of batches you run.
A compare only batch is great for
ranking architectures at a fixed
configuration. But if you want to use
the scaling laws tab and do sweeps
across different agent counts and tool
counts, you need an elasticity
calibration batch because the system
needs controlled comparisons to estimate
those scaling sensitivities.
Now, how does the arena actually run
things? When you run a multi- aent
architecture, the lab automatically runs
a single agent baseline first. Then it
runs the multi- aent system with the
exact same task, model, and tool
configuration. That means every multi-
aent result is paired to a baseline
result, and you always have a clean
applesto apples comparison. It also
means each multi- aent configuration
produces two saved runs.
the baseline run and the multi- aent run
linked to it. On the multi- aent side,
Brain Cube supports a small set of
canonical coordination patterns because
you want to explore different
coordination dynamics, not just more
agent. There's an independent setup
where agents work in parallel and you
aggregate. a centralized setup where
workers draft and an orchestrator
synthesizes, a decentralized setup where
agents exchange information across
rounds and converge, and a hybrid that
mixes assignment, peer rounds, and
orchestration. Conceptually, these
represent different points in the
coordination trade space from minimal
interaction to heavy interaction. Tools
are handled in a way that keeps
experiments honest. Tool access is
enforced at runtime, not just described
on paper. So an agent cannot
accidentally use a tool that wasn't
allowed. And every run records the tool
set it was permitted to use, including a
simple tool count value that becomes one
of the scaling knobs later. For scaling
sweeps, the lab makes tool variation
deterministic.
Instead of manually cherrypicking
different tool combinations, tool count
maps to a fixed prefix of default tool
belt ordering. So, six tools always
means the same core six tools and eight
tools always means that core set plus
the extras. That consistency matters
because otherwise you can't tell if
you're seeing scaling behavior or just
differences in tool choice. Finally, a
quick intuition for defaults so you
understand the shape of an experiment
before you run it. A standard
multi-agent run defaults to three
agents. An elastic run defaults to a
small grid, two agent settings, and two
tool settings, which gives four multi-
aent configurations per architecture. If
you sweep all four architectures, that's
16 multi- aent configurations total. And
because each one auto runs a single
agent baseline, you end up with double
the number of run records saved. That's
a conceptual system. Run the arena to
generate paired single agent systems and
multi- aent system evidence. Measure
coordination metrics from real runs.
Then apply the papers model plus the
elasticity layer to compare
architectures today and estimate how
they behave as you scale. Quick heads up
before you run this. You'll need an
anthropic API key because the agent
system templates are wrappers around the
clawed agent SDK, not clawed code
primitives. So, when you run arenas and
tests from the CLI, you're making direct
API calls and you'll pay for the tokens
you consume as you go. I want to show
you just how easy it is to get up and
running with an experiment with the
Brain Cube Agent Lab. So, what I'm doing
here is I have the Brain Cube agent Lab
set up to work with the Claude Code
agent harness. And what I have set it up
to do is allow you to build your own
experiments within the agent lab by just
asking Claude code to build them. So I'm
going to start off with this finance
agent experiment which is a benchmark
that enables you to test how well an AI
agent can work with financial problem
sets that you might encounter in real
life basically. So it is an agentic task
and I think it's one of the tasks that
was in the scaling laws paper that this
agent labs was built around. So what we
can do is this benchmark actually links
you to some of the publicly available
data because to preserve the efficacy of
the benchmark. They don't release all of
the data for training and testing
publicly but they do give you a public
sample. So we'll work with that public
sample and I'll show you what that looks
like. So there's various questions. It's
all available on GitHub by the way. This
is what the questions look like. You
have questions like how has US still
addressed its planned merger with Nippon
still and its effect on its business
operations. So yeah, these are agentic
tasks that we're going to test our
different agent systems on. In clawed
code with the Brain Cube agent lab, what
I'll do first of all is grab where this
data is coming from. Being that it's
operating within Clawude Code, it
already has access to the internet. So
then I go to task author and the task
author basically puts code in a mode to
be able to start writing those tasks for
you. So it wants us to provide a task
name from the finance agent task. It's
actually a benchmark from valves AI. I
have the data here. I'm providing the
data. Please select a subset of five
questions. And the reason I'm just doing
a subset of five questions is because
we'll be here all day. If not, some of
these questions are taking 10 to 15 to
20 minutes for a human expert to answer.
So I suspect we'll be here all day if I
do any more than that. So I'm just
selecting a subset of five questions. So
in constructing this task, what it's
going to do is it's going to download
that data, put it in a form that our
agents in the lab can use. It's also
going to create the evaluation too and
it will create the prompts for the
multi- aent and single agent systems
that we're going to be using to
benchmark the performance of multi-agent
systems versus the single agent systems.
So that's what it will do just based on
that information we've provided alone
and then we'll go ahead and run. So as
CR works through this you'll notice it's
going off to GitHub and actually
fetching that public data. It is then
going to interpret that data and select
a subset of those tasks. We asked for
five questions, so it will just select
five and it will build the task
dynamically. I'll pull over my GitHub
desktop to show you the changes that the
agent has made to build that task
dynamically. But yeah, essentially I've
set this Brain Cube Lab up so that you
can create your own custom tasks if
you're trying to evaluate different
agentic systems or architecture choices.
We do have the standard ones set in
place based on the paper. So we have the
single agent system. We have a multi-
aent systems as well and all of the
different flavors in there as I
mentioned previously. So it will work
towards evaluating those architectures
and you'll be able to gauge from there
the change in performance based on
scaling your agents to those multi-
Asian architectures from that single
agent architecture as well. So yeah,
this is the first step obviously
constructing this task that comes after
you've set up the workstation itself.
Again, when you're setting up the
workstation, there is a way to do it.
You run a slash command and you set up
live. You need to have an anthropic API
key. That's one of the prerequisites. If
you don't have an API key, you won't be
able to run the live runs. This is also
based on the clawed agentic SDK. So the
anthropic agent SDK is based on that.
Obviously, when you clone this repo for
yourself, you can change it around to
use whatever SDK you want, but just this
initial repo is based on that. So, you
will be using those primitives for any
testing you do in the lab. There is a
dashboard as well on top of this and
that dashboard will provide you with a
way to visualize the experiments you run
and to see graphically how your multi-
aent systems diverge from your single
agent systems. Claude Code has finished
building the task. You can see from the
top what steps Claude code actually
took. I'm not going to go through all of
the details of the code, but what I'm
going to do is I'm going to show you
high level what has been built. So,
first of all, it started by actually
selecting five questions from the
benchmark that we wanted. And you can
see it pulled from the GitHub finance
agent repo from vows AI and we've got
five questions out of that benchmark and
it tried to select a range of expert
time. So assuming this is kind of a
range of difficulty. Then we actually
have how tasks are created in the brain
cube lab. So clawed code has been set up
with the brain cube lab scaffolding to
make sure that tasks are always created
to ensure that the agent workflows can
work with those tasks. So we have a
taskm that will specify what the task
is. We have instances which is a JSON
lines file that gives you the answers
and also the questions themselves and
the scoring rubric. We have the
evaluator which is also designed based
on the task and that is how we're
scoring the responses of the agent
system against those answers. And then
we have prompts. Those prompts are what
we're using to run those agentic
systems. So code comes up with the
prompts itself for the single agent
system, orchestrators for the multi-
aent systems that require orchestrators
and prompts for the worker agents that
exist in those multi- aent systems too.
And the rest is just Python scaffolding
to make sure that this is an executable
task. That's it. And if I bring over my
GitHub desktop, we can actually step
into some of those things. So we can
start off with the prompts if we can
find it. So you can see the prompt for
the single agent system. It's just a
basic prompt and that slots right into
our already existing scaffold that we
have for the single single agent system
that exists in the brain cube lab repo.
And then we have the task. Task is
outlined clearly here with the source of
the data, the goal, input format, output
format. All of this is obviously written
by claw code in the way that's most
effective to get this thing to execute
without any errors. And yeah, the rest
of it is I'll show you that what the
JSON lines file looks like. So you have
a JSON lines file with all of the
questions and answers in there. So you
can see at the top straight away the
question and then the expected response.
So JSON lines file is just a bunch of
JSON objects stacked on top of each
other. That's all it is. So each line is
a separate JSON object. It's pretty
useful for tasks like this because you
can literally step through those JSON
objects line by line. That's how simple
it is to get set up in the Brain Cube
agent lab with your own task. You can
bring your own data as well. You will
obviously need to communicate well to
claude code what exactly is being
evaluated and how and provide those
things otherwise claude code is just
going to create dummy data and that
might not align with your task set
properly. So that is important to note
that you will need to provide the data
or point to a source of data like I did
with this finance agent thing if you
want this to run properly. Let's move on
to the next step in actually seeing how
this thing runs. We have our task in
place. Now we want to actually step into
the arena. The arena is obviously where
we run the agent systems against the
task to compare our scaling across
multi- agent systems compared to a
single baseline and how that scales with
number of agents and tools. This is a
key detail because the way our arena is
set up is to test the agent systems
across those different tasks. Obviously
running them for different batches, but
also running them under different
scenarios. One last detail, your
anthropic subscription level does
matter. If you are on tier one, I think
you're going to hit a lot of rate limit
when you're doing this. So, you want to
be mindful of that. I'm on tier three
and I've had to put in place code to
make sure that I'm not hitting the rate
limits on anthropic when I'm running
these evaluations because cloud code
will just run loads of these in
parallel. So yeah, be mindful of that.
All right, let's jump into the arena. So
to run your evaluations, you want to go
to arena and that's just a simple slash
command in here. And then Claude is
going to come back and prompt us with
the next steps. So it's identified two
possible tasks. It knows that we want to
run finance bench. So I'll run a full
arena protocol for finance bench. We've
got our finance bench compare 2026 and
finance bench elasticity. So the
elasticity is got to be how we model
things like overhead and efficiency and
how they change with scale. Obviously we
can't get every point for modeling those
overheads and efficiencies because we
actually measure them real time as this
is executing. What we're trying to do
there is we're trying to see how those
live empirical measures change when you
scale. And we're trying to fit an
elasticity model to that which will then
give us a scale factor that we can apply
when we're trying to model how these
agent systems scale from single agents
to multi- aents where increasing number
of agents too. So this is exactly what
the arena will do for us. It will start
off with this base comparison level
where we're just running at a standard
set and then it will scale from there
and we'll be able to fit models on top
of that scaling. There are more details
about how the modeling works in the repo
itself. So if you want to understand
this in more detail just simply ask cla
code to explain the modeling to you. I
have also linked the paper the scaling
paper in the repo itself. So feel free
to read that to get a better
understanding of the modeling itself.
I'll just raise this again. All models
are wrong, but some are useful. And this
fits into that category. This is not
intended to give you perfect predictions
about how a multi-agent system is going
to perform. That wouldn't really be
possible. Instead, this is intended to
give you the relative performance of a
multi- aent system versus a single agent
system and whether that performance
collapses as you start to scale. And
this is really key for enterprise
because in enterprise often you're going
to build something on a small pilot data
set and it might perform well and then
when you try to scale it that's when
things fall over. So hopefully this is
something that can save you a lot of
money and time in deciding architectures
up front that will successfully scale
and you'll be able to spot the failure
modes quicker by using a tool like this
ahead of time instead of waiting to
build a solution that you thought is
operating on just five tools and you've
scaled it to 20 and all of a sudden it
collapses. So yeah, this is to prevent
something like that. So you can see
we've actually stepped into the single
agent system. So it's running live
evaluations and collecting empirical
data. This will take some time. So I'm
going to come away from this and I'll
cut back when this is finished. Okay. So
that did take a while, but we've finally
run the arena for our finance agent
task. And as I said when I first set
this up, we took a subset of five
questions and we ran it over the
different set of experiments to get our
comparison batch which I explained at
the beginning of the video and our
elasticity batch. What's really cool
about the lab is that you'll get this
final analysis
telling you about the results of the
experiment and you know giving you some
key findings about how the different
agent architectures scale. Not only
that, you will also get a dashboard and
that dashboard is spun up automatically
at the end of the arena and is available
for you to inspect locally. And in that
dashboard, there are various buttons
that you can use to control the
different scaling scenarios that you
might want to visualize. But yeah, the
agent lab has been set up in such a way
that you could in theory interact with
any of the results delivered through the
claude code interface because all of the
data is saved behind the scenes in the
files. So the next thing I want to do is
I just want to show you quickly how the
agent lab files have been populated.
then we'll talk through the results and
I'll pull up the dashboard. So in the
agent labs folder if you start off in
the project. So within agent labs you
want to navigate to data cuz this is
where everything is updated and then you
want to navigate to your runs. Okay. So
in the runs itself, this is where you
can inspect at a granular level the data
and you can see what we've pulled in
here for finance bench. This is probably
a little small to see on screen, but you
can see this folder says Financebench
single agent system Claude Haiku 4.5.
Finance bench hybrid Claude Haiku 4.5.
Let's step into the hybrid one because
there you will start to see how the
agent system actually deres the results.
So within the folder you have access to
the agent traces themselves obviously
all for auditability. If we open this up
I'll pull one open in a text editor so
you can see what that looks like. So if
we pull up the Asian trades for the
orchestrator we can see the types of
messages the orchestrator was sending in
this hybrid workflow. I won't go into
details but you can see it's basically
communicating with all of the other
agents. And you know this is pretty
interesting for analyzing the why as to
why these systems broke where they broke
if that's what you want to do. And
remember all of that context is there
for you in clawed code. So that makes it
really useful as a tool to also picking
out why certain systems break down.
Let's step back up one level. So back up
to another level we can look at the
actual evaluation results. So yeah, the
eval results here you can see where we
have passing and failing and you can see
how these things are scored. So we have
our scores listed here. So a score of
zero means it's completely wrong.
Anything between zero and one is
partially correct. So you can see it's
labeled partial match and one is
completely correct. We have the error
type. So answer mismatch or partial
match or correct if it was correct. Then
there's the details and then a actual
preview of the answer that was
delivered. So you get the point. This is
all going to be available to you. I'm
just showing you this not to bog you
down in details, but to show you that
the agents were actually working behind
the scenes to deliver that data and it's
structured in a way that is consistent
so you can work across many different
experiments if you need to with this
same scaffold and because the agents run
on the SDK it's not consuming a lot of
tokens within the clawed instance itself
which means you know you don't have to
worry about context rot and all of those
things that you would normally worry
about. All of the agent processing is
handled off on a remote server using the
SDK. Now, let's see how the results are
presented. So, we've been presented with
a comparison batch which just basically
tells us at a point in space. So for the
same set of questions, the same set of
tools, the only difference being the
actual agent architecture between them.
How well did those agents do as compared
to baseline? Don't take the
probabilities too seriously by
themselves. What we care about is
actually the differences. That's the
main thing because the probabilities
there's error in that predictive model
but the differences between the single
agent system and the multi- aent system
is what we want to see and that's where
the dashboard actually comes in. So
these things are useful. I find this
analysis can be useful. Actually, the
main thing you want to be doing is
pulling up the dashboard and looking at
the analysis provided to you there,
which will make a lot more clear how to
interpret these results. Yeah, I
wouldn't pay too much attention to these
key findings. If you ask the right
questions, you could probably
interrogate the data better than the
default summary that comes out. Instead,
jump into the dashboard. So, this is the
dashboard itself, right? And what you
want to do is you want to go to select
the batch. And the batch you want to
work with is the elastic the elasticity
batch. So remember we're doing the
finance agent bench. The elasticity will
allow us to monitor scaling loss. So you
want to select the elasticity batch of
the test that you ran. So we'll select
that for finance agent. By default,
we put model intelligence on the x-axis,
but I'm going to swap that out. And
instead of looking at the model
intelligence as a sweep, let's look at
the number of agents cuz I find that is
a good sweep to start understanding the
patterns of scaling loss for multi- aent
systems. This plot shows the delta in
performance and the sweep that we're
interested in at the bottom here. So in
this case it's number of agents. When we
talk about delta and performance we're
talking about the performance difference
using the single agent system as a
baseline. So the theory here is you
start off with the simplest system which
is a single agent system. You build a
bunch of multi- aent systems and then
you compare the performance of those
multi- aent systems to that single agent
system as you scale in any direction.
Okay. So we have a few directions we can
scale in. We have number of agents down
at the bottom. But we can also adjust
tool count. So we have the delta and
performance pl against the number of
agents and then we have a few degrees of
freedom here that we can move and these
are all things that we control and these
are things that we can scale. For
example, the performance of the single
agent system sometimes can be envisioned
as a proxy of task difficulty. If a
single agent can perform well on a task,
it suggests that it's not that
difficult. But if a single agent doesn't
perform well on a task, you can suggest
maybe that task is more difficult. It's
a sort of proxy. It doesn't fit
perfectly. Intelligence index is related
to the models used themselves. That
intelligence index comes from the paper.
So those are mapped to the corresponding
models. I think the source is provided
in the source code itself. Tool count,
self-explanatory. That is the number of
tools the agent has access to. So, there
is a bit of nuance on this parameter,
especially if you're running on the
default settings. We don't run tool
count beyond six and eight tools because
the clawed primitives basically unless
you're going to start adding custom
tools you need the minimum six tools
which is like read write edit globe
sorry globe g search and there's one
other maybe delete or something right
those minimum six tools that you just
need for an agent then the other tools
are fetch and web search basically. So
what we do is we do experiments to
measure elasticities across 6 and 8.
What that means is when you're changing
the tool count here, unless you go
beyond with the tools, you're not going
to get too many reliable results outside
of that 6 to8 range. So 7 678
is what you can do to understand the
scaling laws if you're going to use the
defaults. If you're going to add more
tools than that, then obviously your
scaling laws are going to be able to
cover a wider range of tools. So you
have your tool count there. Let's play
around with it. So we started off as a
minimum of six. Essentially the
performance of the system versus
baseline, the performance of multi-agent
systems versus baseline seems to
deteriorate. It actually collapses here.
Flattening out there shows almost like
total collapse of the system compared to
the baseline. So you can see that
collapse here by the delta in
performance and that is an intuition
taken from the paper. So move it up to
eight with more tools that pattern still
remains consistent. You see eventually
as you scale the number of agents you
have that tool complexity you start to
pay for at the end of the day. Right? So
you can have a certain amount of tools
but if you scale the number of agents
you have you start to pay for that tool
complexity. And that's what we're seeing
with this collapse even with six and
eight tools. And why that's significant
is because for this particular
experiment the additional two tools that
we had we gave it was web search
basically. So it allowed the agents to
use the internet to answer some of the
questions which is completely necessary
for those finance questions. There's
information you need to find from the
internet. So that explains why the
collapse comes later perhaps, but it
still comes as you scale the number of
agents and you see that as we verge
towards 10 that basically every multi-
aent system just collapsing. It ends up
deteriorating in performance versus the
single agent system. So what that tells
us is that if you have a system with a
lot of tools, if you start scaling your
agents, you're going to pay for that
orchestration and complexity collapse.
So perhaps the more tools you have more
towards you want to ensure that you're
not running too many agents in parallel.
Again, this might be different for your
particular task and the way it breaks
down, but this is the intuition we're
already getting from this task, this
finance agent task that we ran. You can
play around with a lot of those
scenarios. You can swap the tool and
agent access around. So instead of
looking at the number of agents, you
could instead put the number of tools um
on the x-axis and measure the delta in
that way. Let's just compute it back
there. So yeah, this will obviously look
a bit stranger because we've only got
two points for the tools. And what I
would expect to see is if we increase
the number of agents, we see that
collapse just deep. Let's see if we do.
Yeah. So as you increase the number of
agents that collapse just deepens out
and yeah the reason you're seeing this
recovery is because the next set of
tools was using the internet searches so
it was an improved set of tools but
nonetheless the collapse still occurs.
How does this all work under the hood? I
already talked about the coordination
metrics. There's a lot of detail in the
repository itself under the modeling
documentation about how that works.
But essentially what we're trying to do
is measure the elasticity of those
measured components that we talked
about. So the measured components here
are these ones that come from
experimentation. So these are the
coordination
components, overhead, message density,
redundancy, efficiency, error
amplification. These are measured from
the experiment. They're measured from
when we send the agent systems running.
These are assumptions we set initially
to kick everything off and apart from
the performance of the single agent
that's the baseline that we get. So our
intelligence index that is from the
model tool count we establish and number
of agents we establish architecturally.
So a lot of these architectural things
apart from the performance of the single
agent app and something that's
interesting if we swap this back I want
to show you something that is
interesting as an insight from the
paper. So let's put number of agents
back on that axis and let us up the
performance. Let's see how the
performance of the single agent changes
this. Okay. Though notice if we take the
performance of the single agent down,
what we see is that weaker agents
benefit from those multi-agent systems
even under tool collapse and everything
else that we've been modeling if the
task is too complex for the agent. There
does seem to be an uplift with multi-
aent systems and that seems to hold
right across the different
architectures. And if you take that up,
you'll see that collapse back down to
the performance of the baseline single
agent system. And if you increase that
right to the top, you see that collapse
much sooner. So ultimately, if your
agent is already performing really well
on a task, it doesn't make too much
sense to add more agents. This is what
this modeling would say. you get
diminishing returns after that point and
it's probably going to be more
expensive. So that was a really
interesting insight I got from it came
from reading the paper actually but it's
nice to see it also replicated in my own
experiments here too. So this is the
mixed effects model taken directly from
the paper itself. I'm not going to go
into details about the different model
terms here because I've done that in a
separate video and happy to point to
that. Definitely watch that video if you
want to get more detail about this. But
all of the modeling assumptions are laid
out right here within the dashboard
itself. So yeah, this dashboard is
obviously very useful if you want to
build those multi- aent systems or if
you're building production agent systems
and you're wondering if you can get a
performance uplift from going from a
single agent system to a multi-agent
system or whether you should just go for
the multi- aent system to start with.
This type of experimentation will save
you a lot of time and money in the long
run, especially if you're working on an
enterprise budget and you're being held
to deliverables and you cannot get past
the delivery gate unless it meets a
certain standard and there's uncertainty
as well because you can only build on a
subset of data or you can only build on
a subset of tools and you know the real
thing has to scale to multiple users.
This, I hope, will be a tool that can
help many of you out there that are in
that position.